---
title: "Gongyu 公寓"
categories:
  - Random
tags:
  - Random
---

Picking a name for this site has been difficult. To me, names are certainly important but definitly always wrong. How can anything be boiled down to just one word?

If the Adam I know and the Adam you know are entirely different people, how reliable is the meaning of that name? Something as simple as an apple does not even have consistent meanings. If I say Apple, you might think of the fruit, or the tree that bears the fruit, or the Big Apple city, or maybe the company that makes your iPod (just kidding, we are no longer living in the mid-2000s).

Because names are often used interchangably, so much so it may become meaningless, we must not think of a concept just by a label. A name is merely a label for a multi-faceted truth we know and conceptualize. It is probably one of the most useful tool we invented and the foundation of languages. It is for that reason we must remain vigilant of the various misconceptions that might be derived from a name.

What is **Gongyu (公寓)**? It is apartment in Chinese. For me, it is a symbolism for the impermanence of things. It also represents the movement of information. At the same time, it is a statement on the ownership of knowledge.

This is the song that inspired the name of this blog:  
等你下课 (Waiting for you after class) by 周杰伦 (Jay Chou)
<iframe width="640" height="360" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/kfXdP7nZIiE?controls=0&amp;showinfo=0" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
